And many gates I have the song of
alipay browser mmog made me
I wish you a lot of fun with this
tutorial ok let's start the chords
which we need for the song is and
I had come to the first bunch
I recommend the same lot easier
we need a lot too overstretched
chords a first power corp not the
are yes on the acoustic guitar
not to grab him so pleasantly
So that's what I told the first bunch
everyone gripped as he would if he
caritas now in the end bund 0
is that means that we have in the
original actual g minor chord on
the third bunch I say now
know about having broken in the second bunch
so it's a fis minor chord otherwise
Let's come to the accordionists
good bye here could love for
The whole of need are once one
F sharp minor d
100 m
I think the iba and
probably everyone can feet
I explain very briefly he reaches for the
have that index finger in the second
Butt parried puts his finger on the
after cable that the fourth bunch on
the a side and little finger right in
verbund after the cadastre on the g
string
there are indeed court for the whole song
need something else does not happen and
Now we are actually playing the whole thing
with his octave pass that
just work so grab yours
Griffe and I just tell you now
the pages you change then in the
stop at the F sharp minor chord
It would be the d accord taking the teaching
the side and the mark was it would be
the a and the gsm and the record would be
it's the mares and the diesel and then it would
so first went
if you listen carefully but you have that
always on time , especially in the past
the text starts and the accord
change the accord a bit more
played there he just takes place
flower paston to look at blow
answer
be my kingdom
that's the rhythm of the stanza
if I now the text normal super
and now comes the next ride
call it free now
I do not really believe the phrase
at least it does not sound like I'm taking it
simply the band in song the most
occurrence the place and always
the same is this
yes so this did work with it
he
with the normal
yes and how does the whole thing in the same
rhythm as easy
from the change it would be a
by
one day then another half
and completely
just
st
well after that come as the stanza
then talk again and yes what is that
comes to
there comes after the second referendum
But this interview seems to be before that
he still comes with two tones
reinspielt yes then come always after
the refrain with actually inserted
after every park i even play games
just once the a side
then the e string bridge is mostly on
the bank
and it is always the transition into the
individual games
ok now comes one piece to those
I interviewed that is extremely high
I do not want that healthy now either
work in front of me
I'll just explain the chords
So then play our gf fis minor
then went to the
these
and finally the partner in the
not the end comes again or
towards the end then again and now
a single part that is where these
melody always on it is this melody
comes twelve times and the chord sequence the
you play it is just a day
until half a hold the one
I think I come from which specially
12 times
and comes at the end of the song
okay again that should be it
so i hope i could
get back to the dual with the dual again
both help and wish me, of course
have fun with it would be happy
share Subscribe it can be a
go around a bit
yes and there I wish a lot of fun with it
and tell you the michel